Add information about submodules and git lfs in readme (#5670)
equinor/ert: README.md

pytest tests/
```

> git lfs must be installed to get all the files. Use brew to install on mac or apt/dnf/etc on linux. If running on an RGS node, you can source a newer git that includes git lfs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Git LFS](https://git-lfs.com/) must be installed to get all the files. This is packaged as `git-lfs` on Ubuntu, Fedora or macOS Homebrew. For Equinor RGS node users, it is possible to use `git` from SCL:
```

> [Git LFS](https://git-lfs.com/) must be installed to get all the files. This is packaged as `git-lfs` on Ubuntu, Fedora or macOS Homebrew. For Equinor RGS node users, it is possible to use `git` from SCL:

Reviewer 2: What is `SCL`?

Reviewer 3: Redhat Software Collection: https://developers.redhat.com/products/red-hat-software-collections/overview

Reviewer 2: So RHSCL :)
